feat: add litmus agent helm installation (#443)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: docs/litmus-probe.md

### httpProbe

The `httpProbe` allows developers to specify a URL which the experiment uses to gauge health/service availability (or other custom conditions) as part of the entry/exit criteria. The received status code is mapped against an expected status.
It supports http `Get` and `Post` methods. 

> In HTTP `Get` method it sends a http `Get` request to the provided url and match the response code to follow the given criteria(`==`, `!=`, `oneOf`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In HTTP `Get` method it sends a http `GET` request to the provided url and matches the response code based on the given criteria(`==`, `!=`, `oneOf`).
```

> In HTTP `Post` method it sends a http `Post` request to the provided url. The http body can be provided in the `body` field. In the case of complex body that span multiple lines, the `bodyPath` attribute can be used to provide the link to a file consisting of the http body. This file can be made available in the experiment pod via a ConfigMap resource, with the ConfigMap being passed in the [ChaosEngine](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/chaosengine/#experiment-specification) OR the [ChaosExperiment](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/chaosexperiment/#configuration-specification) CR.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In HTTP `Post` method it sends a http `POST` request to the provided url. The http body can be provided in the `body` field. In the case of a complex POST request in which the body spans multiple lines, the `bodyPath` attribute can be used to provide the path to a file consisting of the same. This file can be made available to the experiment pod via a ConfigMap resource, with the ConfigMap name being defined in the [ChaosEngine](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/chaosengine/#experiment-specification) OR the [ChaosExperiment](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/chaosexperiment/#configuration-specification) CR.  
```

>  It can be defined at `.spec.experiments[].spec.probe` the path inside ChaosEngine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 It can be defined at `.spec.experiments[].spec.probe` inside ChaosEngine.
```
